Correct knowledge to share to class. Expounding problems. Her intelligence on the course. Her teaching skills and she's so kind teacher ,I wish she will be our teacher in 126. . :). Humble and a good motivator. knowledge of the topics. None to mention. She always makes sure we understand. she discuss well, patience and many more. she encourages students to keep up with the lessons and she explains the lessons very well. she explains everything what happen in the topic. She is organized. She is really good in the field that she is teaching. She has passion for her work and strives hard to let the students understand and catch up with the lessons. She is very well versed in the subject. She knows her students well. She understands her students and let them learn in the best way. she knows the weaknesses of his/her students and always reminding them to study. she makes it fun and gives a good vibe. she really want her students to understand the topics/lessons. She teaches well and gets along with the students. :). she understands when her students are in trouble in programming. she's good at teaching and motivating her students. Strong base of the subject. The Codes. the way of finding a way. Very approachable. Discussion techniques. Dunno. Explanation of codes. give us more time on those codes. Giving us too much new lesson that could make our brains overflow. Her voice? i can't think of something. Maybe have little graded exercises before the long exams like a seatwork or something. more fun activities. nothing she's good enough. she need to give more examples for the students to understand more about the topic. She should give more problem examples and explain further. she would give us a new subject to learn on but we haven't even tried coding it yet then we would have a practical about it. Shes the best. The allocation of time for lab practices. The loudness of her voice. Hahaha. time. Voice modulation. Coding. I can learn new things about coding and strengthen my programming skills. It helps me achieve my goal. It teaches me about programming. It's challenging yet very fun. It helps me think. It's it. it's my favorite class of course; computers. Its my major. it's my major course. learning more about c pogramming. Logic. my major. none really. Programming. programming. she makes it very interesting. students and teachers are helping to each other. the computer screen and ppt slides. the programming codes , it's so challenging. . :). The teacher. This is a programming course. So yeah, I like this a lot since it's my major course. to learn more about programming. topics. it all feels too fast. it gets hard from time to time. It's a bit hard. its a little bit hard and complex. its hard. It's it. It's really hard. Huhuhu. It's so hard. Its very difficult and i didnt expect this. Logic. None to mention. programming. Programming. simply put, the syllabus. The course itself, the fact that we need to come 7:30 am in the freaking morning...... Waking up early :D. the paper. the schedule is too early. time. too early. very hard problems. my brain will explode lol. best teacher in it i ever had :D. Hope to have her as a teacher again!! Hi miss! I hope to learn and understand more about 121. i think the 60% passing for tests is too much, when almost everyone is falling below 50%. also near the end of the semester it felt like we were rushing through all the topics even though we have not fully understood it yet. imporve. it 121 is cool! Keep up the good work. more hands-on but not recorded. more tutorials :). More Tutorials for everyone!!! none. just keep up the good work. ok cool I failed lol. Orayt. please keep on being patient with students ma'am. Teacher is the best, she try her best in order us to learn. . Thank you for everything :). This is probably too late, but I think this will apply to the freshmen, we hope to have teachers that are passionate in the course that they are teaching. Because it's really hard to catch up. :(. We need more hands on practices :<. Answering questions immediately and satisfies our questions. confident with what she's teching. easy to talk with, jamming, great teaching skills. Good at teaching and knows what activities to give in order for her students to learn. Good ways in teaching and helps the student understand the topic. Her coding ability. Her Compassion. Her joyfulness, her attitude and teaching ability. her way of communicating to her students. i like her style of teaching. Knows the subject well. on how easy to approach for questions. sees to it that her students understands the lesson. She has great teaching style. She makes sure her students understand. She is patient, approachable she always do her best to make her students learn from her. She is very approachable. She helps during coding. She is very fun and understanding. She really knows the subject well. She really strives for her students to pass the subject. she's good in programming. vast knowledge of the topic. Her voice. his way of teaching. i don't know cause she's really good. Loudness of her voice. Needs to talk loudly and clearly. None, She's a premium package. Nothing, all the she can do is to maintain her positive attitudes. Nothing. She's a great teacher. She has nothing to improve. She is super duper strict with checking during exams. She discusses really well but her tests are extremely hard. She should have provided more projects and group activities that promote active learning. Should ask if students understood clearly the lessons discussed. Very hard practicals like WTF?! voice execution. voice exucution. discusses a bit too fast... just a bit. bst. Challenging and Interesting. coding. cursor based implementation of lists. Even though that this course is very hard, the positive attitudes that the teacher has makes us motivate and determined. Everything. flexible. how useful it can be. I get to learn more techniques in programming. I like the fact that we don't get to read books and we just need to use our brains for the thinking of the code. It covers a wide range of topics. It was really challenging. it's challenging. its fun and challenging. Machine Problems. nothing much. Programming. Programming and she helps us understand it. Techies. The programming. very approachable. coding. Coding standards. cursor-based. Difficult. how hard it can be at times when not properly following the discussion. I get a hard time getting the logics of the code. The quizzes are so difficult. I hate the tests because they really hurt my brain. It makes me doubt if I really am for my course. it's hard. media. None so far. Practicals and written exams make my life harder than it was. pressures and hard problems. queue. recurssions. Topics not explained thoroughly due to the lack in time. Wasn't able to completely understand a topic before we moved to a different one. We learned a lot on the topics being discussed, but when it comes to written exam, we are so confused. 60% passing rate in tests wasn't good because people were already having difficulty reaching the 50% mark. Group project could have been given so that students could practice working together to make a code. The final project last year really helped me in understanding the topics discussed but none were given to us this year. awesome teacher. Hello. Hi miss :3. I barely slept for months because i really want to pass. I studied, had a tutor to help me out, conducted and participated in study groups, looked up codes and how-to's on the internet, and I learned a lot. This is the subject I exerted the most effort on. I sacrificed other subjects to try and pass this.I'm slow, I admit but i'm trying really really hard.I can honestly say I gave 110% on this. I really hope my efforts paid off. The course was really fun and you were great. Please keep it up! I hope they could give us a chance to pass this subject. She is a great teacher. She jams with her students. She jokes sometimes so that the discussion won't be boring. Sometimes i get lost during discuss in which i can't properly understand her at times. Thank you ms.
the course is very challenging. well... need more sample programming practices. 